---
title: my love for laptops and linux
description: i fucking love thinkpads and arch linux, so much i might as well write about it and tell people!
pin: true
date: 2025-07-30 18:45:00 -0700
categories: [computers]
tags: [linux, thinkpads, laptops]
---

it's not the first time i've mentioned this, nor will it be the last. i **love** arch linux, with a good thinkpad! 

## arch linux

arch linux is one of, if not, the best linux distro there is. it's a great distro to learn linux as you have to dive deep into the distro to even install it in the first place. when first booting, your placed into the terminal. no web browser, not even a gui! just a terminal. you first learn small things like how to connect to wifi, installing basic packages, and configuring time. then you learn bigger concepts like drive partitions, installing kernels, and installing a bootloader. it's absolutely amazing for learning! 

it's also a great distro to run on any hardware possible. from super high end computers to old notebooks. i used to run arch on a `hp elitebook 840 g1` and it ran 500x better than what windows ran. paired with low resource desktop environemnts like [xfce](https://xfce.org/) or [i3wm](https://i3wm.org/) (which is a window manager, not a desktop environment!), it can be the best performing machine you've ever used. i mainly ran things like firefox and vs codium so it was nice having it run buttery smooth on such crappy hardware for what it was. even small things like pacman (the package manager, not the game) ran super well.

arch linux is a great distro for customization too! you can do whatever the fuck you want with it and you shouldn't have to worry about system defaults. as mentioned earlier, there is no defaults! when installing your placed into a terminal which means you can install or configure whatever the hell you want. ubuntu for example, you have a default window manager (GDM), you have a handful of apps preinstalled like a terminal emulator, firefox, and sometimes even librewolf. arch doesn't come with any of that installed so i install what i need. maybe i don't need librewolf, it doesn't come preinstalled so i don't have to worry about uninstalling the junk.

## thinkpads

imma continue this post l8tr, i started this post so i can work on anothe project TvT
