---
title: love is making me insane :3
description: well yeah, if you looked at my life, you would say i am the definition of insanity. or that i am going insane. love is driving me insane. but in a good way i promise!! 
date: 2025-05-22 23:30:00 -0700
categories: [emotions, love]
tags: [love]
---

i really don't know how to start this. it's funny to think just two days ago i was writing about [how lovesick i am](https://log.jackpurrin.me/posts/lovesick/). but it's whatever. 

## we were still friends

so after me and cuddles broke up, we were still friends. you can read more about the breakup [here](https://log.jackpurrin.me/posts/heartbreak/). it was hella awkward being friends tho. it felt off. well days go by, and i still wasn't over him. the best way i can describe how i felt when i saw him was `jealous` and `lovesick`. we broke up around the end of school, school ended on the 22nd or something like that. well it was kinda sad because i knew i was never going to see them again because they were moving to another school. 

## i was still in love, and so was he.

well a week or two after the breakup, we were talking and they said they regretted breaking up with me. he said he wanted to stay reserved for me while he still went to his new school. he also admitted to still be loving me. i also still loved him. that sounded nice and all but i have serious trust issues. so i asked what was the ratio between how much he wanted to be with me and how much of it was just to make me happy. he said 50/50. so i said it'd just be better to stay as friends. but we both still loved each other.

## summer break

so summer break starts. it's been boring as hell, but he was the only person keeping my sanity in check. seriously, it's only been a couple of days but it's been so boring. well on the 22nd, while i was in the shower, i was thinking about what if cuddles didn't move schools? and so after that shower i was talking to cuddles about being lovesick and shit. we were both lovesick and was just talking about it. well they break some awesome news. 

## awesome news

the awesome news was that his mom was letting him stay at my school instead of the one he was gonna move to!!! and we were already talking about our relationship, and he says something that catches me so off guard. we were talking about some stuff, and instead of saying `okay` or something like that, he said `okay my dear`. i immediately am thinking `oh my fucking god. no fucking way he said that.` and `am i dreaming? is this real?` and `is he saying what i think he's saying? are we dating again?!?!?!` 

## i ask

i asked him if he wanted to stay reserved for me for a little while, and he says yeah. when i asked about being resevred, i also mentioned being scared to say something. the thing in question was `so since you said **okay my dear** it got me thinking that you were hinting at dating me again`. and his response to that was `not officaly.`. i was so fucking excitedddd!!! also, the reason why i got so amped up about him calling me dear is because while we were dating, he knew my favorite name to be called was `my dear` behind `good boy`.

## how he's been treating me

well like, he's been treating me like were actually dating, and over the summer i hope we will actually be offically be dating!! like yeah we've both been using the pet names, but he's also been saying things like how much he's wanting to kiss me, and like how much he desires my cuddles. i will admit i have been saying the same stuff back, but it's not like it's bad that we've been saying that stuff. it just seems like we're offically dating.

## conclusion

well yeah, that's pretty much it. thanks for reading, and make sure to leave a reaction/comment below so i can see your guy's feedback!!
