---
title: breakups suck
description: well, i got my heart broken today and it's been hard on me. it really sucks, and i'll miss him. 
date: 2025-05-13 18:00:00 -0700
categories: [emotions, heartbreak]
tags: [heartbreak]
---

i can't stop crying. heartbreak actually sucks. especially when it feels like your relationship was a lie. 

well yeah, he broke up with me and it sucks so bad. he made promise after promise, but lie after lie. he even broke up with me in the worst way possible, pushing me away. let's step back, and get some context first. 

so i've been on edge about our relationship for a bit before we broke up. read some about that [here](https://log.jackpurrin.me/posts/important/). he kept saying things like, `oh yeah, i'll braid your hair on tuesday` then tuesday comes. but it doesn't happen. and the loop continues, `i'll give you a kiss in the morning`, but no kiss. time and time went on, and we've not been on the thickest ice. constant drama from one person or another causing stress on the both of us, and our relationship. well the night before he broke up with me, we were talking about our relationship. i asked `do you wanna maintain this realtionship, and do you think it's a good idea?` and he said yes to both. he even promise not to be leaving me any time soon! so it seemed to be going okay. you know how i mentioned the hair thing? well that night too, he said he'd do my hair during a class period, rti. rti you're able to choose what class you wanna go to, so he said that night he'd go to my rti! well the night passes by, and in the morning he says `well actually, i can't go to your rti, i gotta to go another period and i can't switch it.` that made me a bit sad, but it was whatever. during rti, we were also emailing and they were saying stuff like how much they missed me and how much he loved me. okay, cool! it seemed our relationship was alright! 


during rti, he said he'd do my hair during lunch. so the day passes, and it comes to lunch time. i usually follow him to get lunch with him even though i bring my own lunch. well today, he grabs his stuff (unusal for him) and he tells me to stay where i was, because he was going to a teacher after getting lunch. so that kinda hurt. then he left. and all of his friends followed. leaving me to sit by myself. and so i had a panic/anxiety attack. i started pacing around a building, and i can hear my ex having plenty of fun with his friends so i started crying. while i was pacing, i encountred one of my friends, he usually doesn't eat lunch with us, so he roams. ofc i tell him what just happened. after that i go to my school's student support staff and talk to someone about it. during that time, that friend who i talked to yelled at my ex, which i'm sure didn't help :/ 

the day passes by until the last period, sixth period. which i usually have with my ex, so i planned on talking to him during that period. but they weren't there. so i went to student support again, so i can talk about calming myself because i was having an anxiety attack again. guess who i see in the office? he wouldn'g look at me, and he was dead silent. he was playing a game on his phone. and also one of his friends was in there. so his friend pulled me out of the room. and she told me that my ex was breaking up with me. i cried so fucking hard, like so hard. i talked to the student support guy, my ex did and stuff. the school day ends and i walk home crying my ass off. 

well when i get home, my ex emails me trying to tell me he's breaking up with me. he's breaking up because he's not mentally stable enough. he didn't wanna tell me he was done because he was scared i was gonna hurt or kill myself. so i don't really know how long he wanted to break up with me. i ask him how long he wanted to break up with me, and he said since the night before. so he lied to me about wanting to be in a relationship?? on top of that kept adding promises he'd never actually keep? like that felt so shitty it's hard to describe. why didn't he tell me what he was feeling and use proper communication? because if he actually talked to me about it, and said something, we could have fixed the problem. he later said that the relationship was adding too much stress on his life, he didn't feel like he was good enough for me. i coulda just asked for less in our relationship. after all, one of the ways to show true love is to make sacrifices right? 

well that's all i wanted to say, and am able to write. writing this made me feel like i'm having an anxiety attack. thanks for reading, and leave a reaction or a comment below so i can see your feedback!!
