---
title: i've fallen lovesick
description: i have fallen lovesick and i am just writing about it because it helps to write and i am bored :/
date: 2025-05-19 15:15:00 -0700
categories: [emotions, lovesick]
tags: [lovesick]
---

being in love is awesome. you finally found the person you love, and then you pour your heart, soul, time, and life into them. and then it ends. the person breaks up with you. it hurts a lot and i wrote about it [here](https://log.jackpurrin.me/posts/heartbreak/). 

but eventually, you will get the big pain out of the way. the best way to describe it metaphorically is a stab. you get stabbed by a knife, and it hurts like hell. but that big pain does not last long, because after the knife (the problem/your now ex) is removed from you, it leaves a mark, and bleeds. the bleeding is what i am feeling. and i think it is like being lovesick. 

the constant pain has made my life so much more worse. i have had mental issues for a while, before i started dating him. but it only made them worse. he was the person i could step to when i needed to talk about something that was on my mind. like i have friends and all, and i do talk to them, but he was the person i let the most out to because i was the most comfortable around him. it would be weird to just start yapping about my deeper mental issues to one of my friends. he helped calm me down when i was anxious or stressed. take, for example, my choir concert. i was so stressed and anxious because i did not wanna sing and it was in front of a lot of people. but he helped me out so much, made me so calm and confident that i was going to be okay. and i did great!! 

i hate to admit this, but really, i am touch starved. before i dated him, i had not had a hug in a couple years. i kinda forgot hugs exist. and then hugs became a daily thing. or i just really liked having his hand on my back, his touch felt so good. i have a body pillow, and i cuddle with it every night. cuddling helped me fall asleep. and i had him in mind because i wanted to cuddle him so bad!! but that unfortunately never happened. and it sucks because now when i cuddle my body pillow, i have no one to wish to cuddle or think about. i loved it when his head was on my chest, it made me so happy. even on days i had struggles being happy, his head on my chest always helped. also having that person where i could put my hands on them without it being weird or uncomfortable was nice. nothing _freaky_ but just like having a place to put my hands was nice. 

i have always been a lonely person. i have friends and all, but like i have never had anyone super close. and for the first semester of my high school year, i did not really have close friends. a classmate here and there, but no one notable. and so having someone like my ex to just be with, helped me feel less lonely. before i dated him, i would never think of myself as a necessarily lonely person, but you never knew what you lost until you lose it. and now he is gone, i truly have realized how lonely i really am. i will admit tho, i have a somewhat close friend that i do not think i will lose for a while, but like, it is not what i am looking for. 

you know, me and him had similar struggles. he also had mental issues (the reason why we broke up, read more [here](https://log.jackpurrin.me/posts/heartbreak/)), and so did i. we both do not have the greatest parents, we both had a lot in common. so it was nice to have someone to relate to! being able to be like, `oh man jeez, my step-dad is mad and he has been yelling lately` and having him be like `oh man that sucks, i know how it feels, i wish you were not having to deal with that, it sucks..` was nice. but now i will not have that for a good while. or just be able to talk about something in common, like we both liked the forest more than the beach. it was nice to just be able to talk without having to think too hard about what we should talk about. 

but now it is gone, and i am really gonna miss it for a while. i will give him credit where it is due tho, he did teach me a lot about myself and a lot about relationships. he also gave a real purpouse in life, someone that i could be there for, someone i could give my time to. but the pros barely outweigh the cons. 

`i got all the time in the world, don't you want some of that?` - [Bahamas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZUD9B440w0)

well that's pretty much that's on my mind that i can think of, thanks for reading, and leave a comment or reaction below so i can hear your feedback please!!
